Execution profile: Documentation and missing files. (#16)
crate/cratedb-tableau-connector: DEVELOP.md

name convection {table_name}.cratedb inside the directory `./tests/tds`
   
   a. Open Tableau Desktop and connect to the schema holding the `Staples` and `Calcs` tables using the instructions
      from step 4.
   
   b. With the mouse, drag the table 'Calcs' into the working area (big white sheet in the middle)
      
   ![tds_img.png](imgs/tds_img.png)

   c. Click on `Update now` to check that the data is properly loaded, then re-name the source to `cast_calcs.cratedb`.

   ![tds_img1.png](imgs/tds_img1.png)

   d. Click on `Sheet 1`

   ![img_2.png](imgs/ts_img2.png)
   
   e. Right click on the data source name, `cast_calcs.cratedb` and then click on `Add to Saved Data Sources`

   ![img_3.png](imgs/ts_img3.png)

   f. Save it to `./tests/tds`, this is the Tableau data source that tells Tableau how to access (with credentials) to
   the target table.

   g. Repeat the process with the `Staples` table, name it `staples.cratedb`.

   This is how the `./tests/tds` directory should look like:
   
   ![img_4.png](imgs/tds_img4.png)

   `_sample_staples.cratedb.tds` and `_sample_cast_calcs.cratedb.tds` are provided as examples of how they'd look like.

>    Alternatively, as they only differ in the connection values, so you could theoretically open the sample files, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Alternatively, as they only differ in the connection values, you could theoretically open the sample files, and
```

>    add your CrateDB connection parameters, this is not recommended as it might not work in the future, also if table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   add your CrateDB connection parameters. However, this is not recommended as it might not work in the future, also if table
```

>    schema changes tds files would need to be re-created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   schema changes, tds files would need to be re-created.
```

6. Create the Tableau tds tests. Important: Read all before running the command.

   Run the command `python -m tdvt.tdvt action --add_ds cratedb` inside the `./tests` directory.
   
   * When asked if `Would you like to run TDVT against a schema other than TestV1?`, pick yes, it is likely that you

>    loaded the tables in the `doc` schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   loaded the tables into the `doc` schema.
```

   * For the other options, pick no (n) or skip (s) to every other option, as we already ship the config file and password file.

>    * If your CrateDB cluster **has** a password, open `./tests/tds/cratedb.password` and change `empty` for the password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * If your CrateDB cluster **has** a password, open `./tests/tds/cratedb.password` and change `empty` for the valid password.
```

   The inputs should look like:
   
   ![img_5.png](imgs/ts_img5.png)

> 7. In `cratedb.ini` fill `CommandLineOverride` with 'DConnectPluginsPath' and the `cratedb_jdbc` path. Similarly, as we did in Step 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. In `cratedb.ini`, populate the `CommandLineOverride` setting with 'DConnectPluginsPath' and the `cratedb_jdbc` path. Similarly, as we did in Step 3.
```

8. Run tdvt generate inside `./tests`.
   

>    Command: `python -m tdvt.tdvt run cratedb --generate`, this only needs to be run when you modify `cratedb.ini`,
>    if you modify the `dialect.tdd` file or any file within `cratedb_jdbc` directory, you **DO NOT** need to run it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Command: `python -m tdvt.tdvt run cratedb --generate`, this only needs to be run when you modify `cratedb.ini`.
   If you modify the `dialect.tdd` file or any file within `cratedb_jdbc` directory, you **DO NOT** need to run it.
```

>    Tests will run, it is ok for the first run to fail, subsequent runs **DO NOT**, need the `--generate` parameter.

Reviewer: The last fragment of the sentence »need the `--generate` parameter« feels like it is not aligned well.
Can you clarify?

```suggestion
   The first test run is about to fail, but subsequent ones will succeed, need the `--generate` parameter.
```

9. Run tests inside `./tests`
   
   Command: `python -m tdvt.tdvt run cratedb --force-run`, the force-run parameter forces to keep running even when

>    tests fails. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   tests fail.
```

>    If everything went well, there should be more passed tests that failed.

Reviewer: Not sure. Possible improvement, otherwise please clarify.
```suggestion
   If everything went well, there should be more passed tests that failed beforehand.
```

## Debugging tests.

Everytime the tests are run, several logs files are generated in different places:

#### Run logs

These are generated in the directory you run the tests from, usually `./tests`

> * `tabquery_logs.zip` - Logs for tabquery.exe, sometimes some connection issues can be seen here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tabquery_logs.zip` - Logs for `tabquery.exe`, sometimes some connection issues can be seen here.
```

* `tdvt_log_combined` - Logs for `tdvt.tdvt` cli.
* `tests_results_combined.csv` - Results for tests, here we can see expected vs results, the most useful document for debugging, it is
recommended to use a proper CSV visualization tool that supports filtering and ordering, e.g. PyCharm (or any JetBrains ide),
Excel, Google sheet, Tableau...

> Sometimes some issues can be logged in Tableau's Desktop logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, some issues are also logged in Tableau's Desktop logs.
```
